Pardon me?
green plum
You said he collaborated with the enemy
Can fight for
Of course, a four-nation coalition marched towards the border
And under the premise of the lockdown of the whole territory
The first news to come
Where did he, an ordinary person, come from?
But here's the thing.
My Ye family army encountered an inner ghost rebellion at the same time
He knew the news one step ahead of me
If he did not collude with other places
Then I'm the first to not believe it.
God of War treats people
I'm afraid my Lu family was also killed by him
My grandfather was murdered and unfortunately gave birth
And my Lu family's factory
The mines were devastated.
I think about it now
It must be because of him
Colluded with military training abroad
Otherwise, it's just him
Cocoa has never been so beneficial
Yes, Jiang Xiaobai
My Bai family's medicine field was swept by emperor insects
Huge losses
But where did the locusts come from in this cold area?
It must be him.
It's definitely his collusion with foreign powers
So
My royal fleet at sea has been destroyed
The biggest members are foreigners
Yes, yes.
Yes, Zhou Xuanshi
Synthesize what they say
I judge that I have been suspected of collaborating with the enemy, treason and rebellion
I'll give you ten seconds to roll down
Try to accept my judgment
God of Thunder, right?
I will advise you
The ancestor who betrayed the country and joined the enemy was not screaming
Otherwise regret can't bear it
What is negativity?
It is also worthy to let you go in front of this God of War
What a collaboration with the enemy, treason and rebellion
The Temple of Heaven was established for a hundred years
Just raise you trash